c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\ClassHub.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\ClassHub.pdb
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.dll
c:\users\vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClassHub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.pdb
C:\Users\Vickyzia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Classhub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\ClassHub.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\ClassHub.pdb
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\EntityFramework.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\WebGrease.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\EntityFramework.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.dll
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.pdb
\\Mac\Home\Desktop\ClassHub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\ClassHub.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\ClassHub.pdb
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.dll
E:\ClassHub\ClassHub\obj\Debug\ClassHub.pdb
